---
layout:     post
title:      Man saves his son from drowning and gains public attention
date:       2014-06-08 12:32:18
summary:    Short story
categories: news
thumbnail: jekyll
tags:
 - kids
 - drowning
 - news
---

The man slammed the boy’s face underwater once again. <br>
“I’m going to ask again, are you telling anyone about your mom?” the boy struggled heavily. <br>
The man showed no signs of mercy. <br>
“Dad…please…stop…” he pleaded towards his father. <br>
“What happened with me and your mom, are you telling anyone?” He asked while dipping his son’s face underwater. Bubbles formed on the surface. “No…please dad…please…I wont…I swear…” he replied. <br>
Distant noises could be heard In the distance. <br>
“I think people are coming, I’m going to throw you into the water now and get you out, to make them think you were drowning. Is that clear?” The man told the boy. <br>
“No dad…please dad…I don’t know how to swim…please dad…” he begged. <br>
“I know idiot, that’s why it’ll look more believable…” He said as he dragged his son deeper into the river. <br>
“Dad…please…dad…please im scared…” his son was scared heavily now. “Shut up.” The man said. He grabbed him by his legs and threw him ahead into the deep water ahead. <br>
“Hey what’s happening?” Distant noises were heard. The man didn’t care to listen as he dove ahead into the water, and after a while coming back with his son to the shore. <br>
“Help…my son…he was drowning…help…” The man said to the people rushing at him. One of them laid hands on the boy’s chest and pushed hard. He repeated again until water choked out of the boy’s mouth. <br>
“He’ll be fine.” The man said. <br>
“Oh Thank God…” The boy’s father let out. The boy looked up at everyone and exchanged confused glances. <br>
“Hey kid, you shouldn’t go near the river if you cant swim okay? You worried your dad here.” The boy shook his head and looked at his dad. His dad exchanged back a serious look back at him. <br>
“I wont…I wont again…” the boy stuttered. <br>
“Good boy. Your dad here is a real hero kid, he saved your life.” The man said. The boy looked at his father and exchanged a weak smile. The few people that had come to help walked away slowly into the distance. <br>
“Good, good, now what did I say earlier?” The man asked his son. <br>
“Dad I wont…please…im scared…” the boy reassured his father. <br>
“Good. Because next time you wont be so lucky.” The man said as he grabbed his son’s hand and walked away into the distance.<br>

[1]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/frontmatter/
[2]: http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/
[3]: http://imgur.com/
[4]: http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/icons/
[5]: http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/icon/android/


